[MTM-50161] Review docs for 10.16 (PlaMa UI; part of MTM-47816) (#728)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-microservices.md

3. The microservice application is created once the ZIP file has been successfully uploaded.

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

> The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. The name of the microservice is first taken from the microservice's manifest file. If the name is not provided there, then it's derived from the ZIP file name (after dropping a recognized version suffix).

Author: @MWindel @Airdroplet, not sure here, maybe we could go into this direction: "You can provide the name of the microservice in its manifest file. If there is no name provided in the file, the platform will derive it from the ZIP file name by dropping a recognized version suffix. In any case the length of the resulting name must not exceed 23 characters."?

> The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. The name of the microservice is first taken from the microservice's manifest file. If the name is not provided there, then it's derived from the ZIP file name (after dropping a recognized version suffix).

Reviewer: @pawel-rynarzewski-sag That is a very good suggestion. I second this.

> The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. The name of the microservice is first taken from the microservice's manifest file. If the name is not provided there, then it's derived from the ZIP file name (after dropping a recognized version suffix).

Author: applied

> The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. You can provide the name of the microservice in its manifest file. If no name is provided in the file, the platform will derive it from the ZIP file name by dropping a recognized version suffix. In any case the length of the resulting name must not exceed 23 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. You can provide the name of the microservice in its manifest file. If no name is provided in the file, the platform will derive it from the ZIP file name by removing the recognized version suffix. In any case the length of the resulting name must not exceed 23 characters.
```

> The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. You can provide the name of the microservice in its manifest file. If there is no name provided in the file, the platform will derive it from the ZIP file name by dropping a recognized version suffix. In any case the length of the resulting name must not exceed 23 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. You can provide the name of the microservice in its manifest file. If no name is provided in the file, the platform will derive it from the ZIP file name by dropping a recognized version suffix. In any case the length of the resulting name must not exceed 23 characters.
```

Author: done :+1:

> The ZIP file must contain the application manifest and the Docker image of the microservice. Refer to [General aspects](/microservice-sdk/concept) in the *Microservice SDK guide* for information on preparing and deploying the microservice package. You can provide the name of the microservice in its manifest file. If there is no name provided in the file, the platform will derive it from the ZIP file name by dropping a recognized version suffix. In any case the length of the resulting name must not exceed 23 characters.

Reviewer 2: @Airdroplet What do you mean by "dropping" here?

Reviewer 3: take whatever is before the version, eg: test-1006.0.12.zip -> test

Author: @BeateRixen should it be "by removing the recognized version suffix"?

Reviewer 2: Yes, that is much clearer, thank you @pawel-rynarzewski-sag :-).

Reviewer 2: I have already made the change.

Author: @BeateRixen thanks :smile:
